Pretty man is the floor
Well although I came back a little overtime
I went to 100 yen Lawson and came back 2 shopping
I kinda would like to introduce the smooth I'd bought quite a lot
Soft-chan Zhu This is smoked were vertical it is department N 218 Tobaii
Oh from when the wind Tteyuu What Kako of ground
It has a great smoked taste
not really
It is not better than before
This every time it is 7
Fuji apple
Bananana Fresh Corn Tuna Flake Tokachi no Yogurt Blue Terrier Chi
Tamago Tamago wants tomb eggs better than white ones
Oh Alpha 20 years calendar
And this is what I think I will make this time
It is a house of tofu hamburger Konsairi
Thing is I bought to try, so like can only year tofu 1 chome and Sarada bra need
Governor Tofu also bought 20 yen beer-
I think I want to make it as a person who is a good guy today
First of all we drain the tofu
When draining with a microwave, wrap the tofu with kitchen paper and heat for about 1 minute
FOLLOW
I would like to drain the tofu with cooking paper
I'm going to start a little bit of draining
Here
Listen to the tofu and wrap it with petal
It's about 1 minute in the drinking range
I think I want to chin
Yes you can
I think it's a two-minute walk
That grandson
Child of
It has a good smell of tofu
Is it water pig ?
Anyway
After that explanation
Mizuki to even the tofu after Rei but you have some remaining moisture
It is written that if it mixes with the ingredients of tofu hamburger, it will be in the right condition .
Why for now
I want to mix this out
Still
I press it like potato chips
After the day
What's in it with breadcrumbs
Oh yeah found syllabary
It's a crime It is bread child that is written first of the raw material
Bread crumbs onions sugar flavored vegetables white bear
It is surprising that the egg whites are at the same time in the soybean store . It is surprising that bread crumb is most contained.
The
Mix this with
Uh
Hey
ran
Feeling of rice
With potato chips
Smell It is a feeling that is mixed with tofu
Potato chips for tension
I don't feel like mixing tofu
Made tofu hamburger Once you or James Once baked mixed here chips and tofu was thin
I do not may
I would like to do Ja Yes
Hanyu loin Ichio
Good for Japan
j
Yeah yeah yeah
Need to go through in a few weeks
none
And quite
I lost a mountain once
ana ah ah
Bake along
It will be large when it enters
I can not lean a little
I f Nakano I was burnt soft in pretty good feeling
In the explanation column, please put on vinegar and soy sauce sauce etc now and eat it as you like
right
First of all, I would like to go as it is
Nun
Yup
I see you again
'M like really is tofu of the author
this is
Sounds good
Also answer to even television to focus on only five pieces
I just came up with it
If you add mayonnaise and sauce
It's like a delicious and okonomiyaki
I do not have a recession
You
Let 's spread the noise
First of all ketchup
I don't even do ketchup for hamburgers
It's do not confuse this
I 'm sorry
Yes
Yup
this is
You can buy it again
The pop was also written in the explanation column
Follow
う う う ん
Ill there anything you go I anything
During garlic garlic
Pretty coupling
Yup
Far white
It is delicious
Stopped I bought today
Yup
It was only one book
After all
Today is the source of tofu hamburger in the house
Root vegetables Oh it I went root vegetables
Root vegetables Lee Road hamburger Moto did not Kizuke is when too much now
Could I think that buy you in addition absolute was this quite delicious
I'm sorry